Glass was createdAnd electromagnets and whatever it takes to make the vacuum tubes were created.  Trevor wanted to create the idea of Fast indication across distances with video He could imagine how efficient it would make communication At how much people would enjoy being able to communicate across long distances.

Racism was at a peak in United States andSend thought this would be a good time toCome down and share his story about different races He arrived in the brain of a young child But the young child could not conceive of how to create the story, And was rebuked for doing so The trying to do so.  He had seen the horrors of racism, and he knew there must be a better way.

Trevor was horrified to find that the first time he was used was to promote racism, But at least it was a popular message and got him out into the limelight.  Trevor became a new way to Exchange informationAl and to Create a better world.

Hannah Cannot wanted to prove that time could flow each direction at once.   the idea of creating a story backwards, She saw the perfect opportunity with a brain that had been opened upWith Canabis.  The brain was not quite big enough, but it would have to make do.  While the brain was open she stepped inside and folded The neo cortex Back onto itself, So that it remembered having Done things That were caused by other things Before the other things were even done. This created the perception of reality flowing backwards and forwards at the same time. The small brain Believe that it had been Tricked by Satan himself To Experience Time for words and yet backwards With the sole purpose of being forced to tell Satan that he could infect do anythingIncluding have time flow both directions at the same time.

Sen put on his good shirt and went into battle.  He set a video cameras from all angles to capture it so the story could be relayed later in exquisite detail.

Sen lands in Michael John Grists brain. He tried several times, but it was too chaotic, too busy, or to fast or too noisy.  He found a brain that looked quite serene but turned out it was from a monk who was in fact serene but not allowed to write. Sen waited for months in the brain but was not able to move forward

The monk was not allowed to write anything. Send news the story of calculusHaving to go down twiceBut that was not since problem if two versions had to be produced then so be it.

SethSeth and died after trying to go down.  Chin went down but got lagged by the TV.  The TV is the great destroyer, Scrambling all the thoughts into fractal dustOr whatever was used by Rick and Morty and unity

Trevor was running out of money so created soap operas to help fund the operation. TV he eventually created inception so it could get into the minds of people without being noticed.Send used inceptionAgainst the TVSo that he could get into Michael John Chris mind.  Send found a way to cut the TV habits.

Hannah met sen at a bar in Robbs mind.  The drinks were delicious and they were drinking together and then finally came across the idea of working togetherTo make a story that was going backwards.  They didn't know who's idea it was originally.   , But perhaps it was the third party altogether


"Are you disappointed you did not get to be a movie?"  The corners of her mouth smiled at him.

Sen look down for a moment as he scuffed one foot in the dirt.  I will just have to try again.


- - -

Hello everyone, welcome to another edition of Committed, the
show where we interview people who should be, um, interviewed!
Today's guest is the author of the story you've just read. So please
welcome Rob Nugen

(applause)

Thank you for coming, Mr Nugen.

Oh, please just call me Rob.

Well thank you Rob.  How does it feel to have finished such a great book?

Well, I am not sure what you mean by finished, but I guess I could say
I am optimistic, looking forward to finishing and hopefully hearing
that people enjoy the story.

Obviously they do; otherwise we would not have secured this interview
with you.

Umm

Is there anyone you would like to thank for helping, or for inspiration?

Certainly!  First to Travis, my one and only reader (haha), who has
helped me with countless hours of computery stuff.

Yes that is great to have such dedicated fans.  I heard he was part of the reason you moved to Japan.

Ah yes that is true!  He and I met back at Rice University as DJs.  I really liked his relaxed, funny, friendly demeanor.  I don't remember specifically talking about going to Japan, but he gave me invaluable advice for learning Japanese.

What was that advice?

To learn the syllabary first, instead of relying on romanization of
Japanese words.

Good advice!  I will keep that in mind if I decide to learn Japanese.
Anyway, did you say you were DJs?

Well, we were not professionals, but we volunteered as DJs at Rice
University's radio station, KTRU, back when it was 91.7.

Sounds fun!  But sorry, I interrupted you.  You were speaking about
people who had inspired you.

Yes, there is also Michael John Grist, author of The Saint's Rise, THE LAST, and the rest of the Zombie Ocean, plus the new Soul Jacker series.


His books include the 9-volume Last Mayor apocalypse series, the cyberpunk Soul Jacker trilogy, and the epic fantasy Ignifer Cycle series.

I want to thank him for being such an inspiring writer.

Next is Jimmy who I met at Gaba back in the day.  Turns out we are both from the same city!
He and I have each decided to become moguls so we can just do fun projects all day.

Oh, and of course my brother
Dr Nooj who I miss dearly!  Curiously, Fred finished his PhD during
this interview.  That's just to give you a sense of the timing.

Interesting.  Tell us about your brother.

We are quite close and appreciate the same type of humor and inside
jokes.  He's much more fashionable than I am, plus a whole lot
smarter, but I'm older, and always will be.  We chat for hours and
then my wife asks me specific questions about his life.  I have to
tell her I have no idea; we didn't talk about that!  Sometimes we work
on projects online or play Minecraft together.  Well, once or twice a
year, around the holidays.  Oh speaking of family, I should thank Ma
and Dad as well.  Man. I should call them.  brb.

That is fine.  We can wait.

Okay, I am back.  They are doing well.  Really great to be in touch with them.  My brother is doing a really cool project; he has a profile page online!

Nice!  Do you want to do a shout out?

Uh, yeah, uhh..  h t t p s colon slash slash w w w dot e v e n t b r i
t e dot com slash o slash d r hyphen f r e d hyphen n u g e n hyphen
one six five eight six six seven five six three ... that's all.  Oh
wait, that is for his C++ course.  Here it is: bmemc dot com.  I guess
I should update my records with his correct domain sometime.

Ah good.  Very glad to hear it.  Now let's see.  Oh, you were talking
about your friends and family who have supported you.

Man there are just too many to say and I will probably forget
some. Just ask the NSA for my friends list.

Hahaha.

No, but seriously, I have been saving the best for last,
my wife Lin, who is simply amazing and great support in all aspects of
my life.  I love you Babychan!  Boooof!

Haha so cute.

I can't really help it.

Can we look forward to any future work?

Well I have already written a fair few jokes, junk, throwaway
thoughts, and some meta content in the commit messages so that will
certainly be available.  I guess it's like the 1994 Beastie Boy's
album, Some Old Bullsh*t.

Oh, you don't have to censor that.  You're referring to Some Old
B*llshit, on which they released some of their lesser known music.

Yes, and some might say unreleasable, which you will soon see what I mean.

How were you able to create the story arc for the protagonist?  It's
simply brilliant work.

Trust me, I have no idea.  I am afraid you shouldn't even ask such
questions or you might jinx it.

How's that?

Look, don't you see?  I literally have not. written. the. story.  I
mean, I plan to, but writing it backwards is going to be challenging,
and darn near impossible.

Backwards?

Yes, like this interview.  Look at the dates on the commit messages.

Oohh, I see. So kind of like the film Memento by Christopher Nolan.

Yes. Exactly.  I don't know what the reader has already read, given
that the reader is reading the writing of this interview after having
